## Nikolaos Aletras, Timothy Baldwin, Jey Han Lau, Mark Stevenson (2017). Evaluating topic representations for exploring document collections. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23574

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23574
Year: 2017
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23574
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: collections_and_access
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Nikolaos Aletras, Timothy Baldwin, Jey Han Lau, Mark Stevenson (2017). Evaluating topic representations for exploring document collections. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23574**

Topic models have been shown to be a useful way of representing the content of large document collections, for example, via visualization interfaces (topic browsers). These systems enable users to explore collections by way of latent topics. A standard way to represent a topic is using a term list; that is the top‐ n words with highest conditional probability within the topic. Other topic representations such as textual and image labels also have been proposed. However, there has been no comparison of these alternative representations. In this article, we compare 3 different topic representations in a document retrieval task. Participants were asked to retrieve relevant documents based on predefined queries within a fixed time limit, presenting topics in one of the following modalities: (a) lists of terms, (b) textual phrase labels, and (c) image labels. Results show that textual labels are easier for users to interpret than are term lists and image labels. Moreover, the precision of retrieved documents for textual and image labels is comparable to the precision achieved by representing topics using term lists, demonstrating that labeling methods are an effective alternative topic representation.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
