## Yui Arakawa, Akihiro Kameda, Akiko Aizawa, Takafumi Suzuki (2014). Adding T witter‐specific features to stylistic features for classifying tweets by user type and number of retweets. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 7. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23126

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23126
Year: 2014
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23126
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: learning_and_literacy
Audience: general_public

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Yui Arakawa, Akihiro Kameda, Akiko Aizawa, Takafumi Suzuki (2014). Adding T witter‐specific features to stylistic features for classifying tweets by user type and number of retweets. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 7. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23126**

Recently, T witter has received much attention, both from the general public and researchers, as a new method of transmitting information. Among others, the number of retweets ( RTs ) and user types are the two important items of analysis for understanding the transmission of information on T witter. To analyze this point, we applied text classification and feature extraction experiments using random forests machine learning with conventional stylistic and T witter‐specific features. We first collected tweets from 40 accounts with a high number of followers and created tweet texts from 28,756 tweets. We then conducted 15 types of classification experiments using a variety of combinations of features such as function words, speech terms, T witter's descriptive grammar, and information roles. We deliberately observed the effects of features for classification performance. The results indicated that class classification per user indicated the best performance. Furthermore, we observed that certain features had a greater impact on classification. In the case of the experiments that assessed the level of RT quantity, information roles had an impact. In the case of user experiments, important features, such as the honorific postpositional particle and auxiliary verbs, such as “desu” and “masu,” had an impact. This research clarifies the features that are useful for categorizing tweets according to the number of RTs and user types.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
