## Nadia Caidi, Pranay Nangia, Hugh Samson, Cansu Ekmekcioglu, Michael Olsson (2026). Spiritual and religious information experiences: An Annual Review of Information Science and Technology (ARIST) paper. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 77, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24983

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24983
Year: 2026
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24983
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: content_or_artifact_analysis
Primary_Methodology: content_analysis
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: collections_and_access
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Nadia Caidi, Pranay Nangia, Hugh Samson, Cansu Ekmekcioglu, Michael Olsson (2026). Spiritual and religious information experiences: An Annual Review of Information Science and Technology (ARIST) paper. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 77, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24983**

Abstract This chapter examines the contours of the religious and spiritual information experiences subfield through a review and content analysis of selected contributions from the past two decades in both information science and related fields. The research question that guides this review is: How have spirituality and religion been conceptualized in information science? Our focus has been on the LIS literature along with the fields of information behavior/practice/literacy, as well as related fields such as human–computer interaction (HCI), media and digital studies, religious studies (including sociology and anthropology of religion or religious tourism). Our aim was to highlight the ways in which the information science literature has contributed to advancing these conversations (using a collections/service/user experience or practice lens), but also how the discussions around the sacred, lived religion, contemplation, conversion or techno‐spiritual practices (to name a few) have provided insights into information phenomena and processes. We also discuss the evolution of, and practices associated with, social media and digital practices as well as a discussion of representation (or the lack thereof) of less mainstream religious and spiritual traditions in the literature reviewed. We end with suggestions for future research directions.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
