## Arda Çelebi, Arzucan Özgür (2018). Segmenting hashtags and analyzing their grammatical structure. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 69, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23989

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23989
Year: 2018
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23989
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: learning_and_literacy
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Arda Çelebi, Arzucan Özgür (2018). Segmenting hashtags and analyzing their grammatical structure. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 69, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23989**

Originated as a label to mark specific tweets, hashtags are increasingly used to convey messages that people like to see in the trending hashtags list. Complex noun phrases and even sentences can be turned into a hashtag. Breaking hashtags into their words is a challenging task due to the irregular and compact nature of the language used in Twitter. In this study, we investigate feature‐based machine learning and language model (LM)‐based approaches for hashtag segmentation. Our results show that LM alone is not successful at segmenting nontrivial hashtags. However, when the N‐best LM‐based segmentations are incorporated as features into the feature‐based approach, along with context‐based features proposed in this study, state‐of‐the‐art results in hashtag segmentation are achieved. In addition, we provide an analysis of over two million distinct hashtags, autosegmented by using our best configuration. The analysis reveals that half of all 60 million hashtag occurrences contain multiple words and 80% of sentiment is trapped inside multiword hashtags, justifying the need for hashtag segmentation. Furthermore, we analyze the grammatical structure of hashtags by parsing them and observe that 77% of the hashtags are noun‐based, whereas 11.9% are verb‐based.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
