## Laura Costello (2020). Library Services for Online Patrons: A Manual for Facilitating Access, Learning, and Engagement . Joelle E. Pitts, Laura Bonella, Jason M. Coleman, and Adam Wathen, eds. Santa Barbara, CA: Libraries Unlimited, 2019. 200p. Paperback. $55.00 (ISBN 978-1-44-085952-6).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 81, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.81.5.888

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl815888
Year: 2020
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl815888
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- collections_and_access
- learning_and_literacy
- community_and_inclusion
Audience: general_public

Intended_Outcome:
- equitable_access
- learning_and_literacy
- engagement_and_participation
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Laura Costello (2020). Library Services for Online Patrons: A Manual for Facilitating Access, Learning, and Engagement . Joelle E. Pitts, Laura Bonella, Jason M. Coleman, and Adam Wathen, eds. Santa Barbara, CA: Libraries Unlimited, 2019. 200p. Paperback. $55.00 (ISBN 978-1-44-085952-6).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 81, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.81.5.888**

Serving digital patrons is not a new practice for libraries, but in recent years online access has become more casual and ubiquitous. Serving digital patrons has changed focus from a particular group of users without access to physical library services and resources to an ordinary part of serving our regular patrons who may access our services from off campus or via mobile as easily as they walk into a physical library. The recent closures of many libraries due to COVID-19 has highlighted both readiness to provide services online and possible deficiencies in online service. The result for many libraries may be a service strategy that transcends mode of access and makes it easier for online patrons to take full advantage of resources and services. Library Services for Online Patrons focuses on the diversity of patrons accessing the library online through equitable access to resources and establishing best practices for providing library services. This book can serve as a resource for establishing services for online patrons and as a checklist for libraries that already have a foundation of service, yet may need development in some areas.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
