## Sherry Crow (2009). Relationships that Foster Intrinsic Motivation for Information Seeking. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 15, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw6794

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 1029173slw6794
Year: 2009
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 1029173slw6794
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: learning_and_literacy
Audience:
- children
- students

Intended_Outcome: engagement_and_participation
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Sherry Crow (2009). Relationships that Foster Intrinsic Motivation for Information Seeking. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 15, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw6794**

Basedon a study conducted in the fall of 2008, this article highlights relational aspects of the experiences of upper elementary (age 10) children identified asintrinsically motivated for information seeking. Research for the study was conducted using an inductive naturalistic approach in order to address the following question, "What are the experiences in the lives of upper elementary school children that foster an intrinsic motivation to seek information?" The Self-determination Theory provided the basis forthe theoretical framework. Participants were selected from a pool of fifth graders from three diverse schools within a single communityin the USA. Initially, the children were chosen based on the results of a survey especially developed for the study. Interviews and a drawing activity were used to collect the data that served as the foundationfor analysis. Findings featured in this article arethe students' affinity for play, point-of-passion experiences, "anchor" relationships, and indication by students that working in a group was a component of their favorite information seeking episodes. Importance of relationships to students of particular cultures is also discussed.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
