## Kimberly Douglass, Suzie Allard, Carol Tenopir, Lei Wu, Mike Frame (2014). Managing scientific data as public assets: Data sharing practices and policies among full-time government employees. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.22988

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi22988
Year: 2014
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi22988
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- collections_and_access
- space_and_infrastructure
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: discovery_and_advisory
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Kimberly Douglass, Suzie Allard, Carol Tenopir, Lei Wu, Mike Frame (2014). Managing scientific data as public assets: Data sharing practices and policies among full-time government employees. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.22988**

This paper examines how scientists working in government agencies in the U . S . are reacting to the “ethos of sharing” government‐generated data. For scientists to leverage the value of existing government data sets, critical data sets must be identified and made as widely available as possible. However, government data sets can only be leveraged when policy makers first assess the value of data, in much the same way they decide the value of grants for research outside government. We argue that legislators should also remove structural barriers to interoperability by funding technical infrastructure according to issue clusters rather than administrative programs. As developers attempt to make government data more accessible through portals, they should consider a range of other nontechnical constraints attached to the data. We find that agencies react to the large number of constraints by mostly posting their data on their own websites only rather than in data portals that can facilitate sharing. Despite the nontechnical constraints, we find that scientists working in government agencies exercise some autonomy in data decisions, such as data documentation, which determine whether or not the data can be widely shared. Fortunately, scientists indicate a willingness to share the data they collect or maintain. However, we argue further that a complete measure of access should also consider the normative decisions to collect (or not) particular data.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
