## Zhichao Fang, Rodrigo Costas, Wencan Tian, Xianwen Wang, Paul Wouters (2021). How is science clicked on Twitter? Click metrics for Bitly short links to scientific publications. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 7. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24458

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24458
Year: 2021
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24458
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: community_and_inclusion
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: engagement_and_participation
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Zhichao Fang, Rodrigo Costas, Wencan Tian, Xianwen Wang, Paul Wouters (2021). How is science clicked on Twitter? Click metrics for Bitly short links to scientific publications. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 7. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24458**

Abstract To provide some context for the potential engagement behavior of Twitter users around science, this article investigates how Bitly short links to scientific publications embedded in scholarly Twitter mentions are clicked on Twitter. Based on the click metrics of over 1.1 million Bitly short links referring to Web of Science (WoS) publications, our results show that around 49.5% of them were not clicked by Twitter users. For those Bitly short links with clicks from Twitter, the majority of their Twitter clicks accumulated within a short period of time after they were first tweeted. Bitly short links to the publications in the field of Social Sciences and Humanities tend to attract more clicks from Twitter over other subject fields. This article also assesses the extent to which Twitter clicks are correlated with some other impact indicators. Twitter clicks are weakly correlated with scholarly impact indicators (WoS citations and Mendeley readers), but moderately correlated to other Twitter engagement indicators (total retweets and total likes). In light of these results, we highlight the importance of paying more attention to the click metrics of URLs in scholarly Twitter mentions, to improve our understanding about the more effective dissemination and reception of science information on Twitter.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
