## Anne Grant, Kyle Feenstra, Mills Kelly (2025). Why Does SoTL Happen in a Librarian-Free Zone?. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 86, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.86.1.135

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl861135
Year: 2025
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl861135
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: content_or_artifact_analysis
Primary_Methodology: content_analysis
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- discovery_and_advisory
- learning_and_literacy
Audience:
- students
- educators

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Anne Grant, Kyle Feenstra, Mills Kelly (2025). Why Does SoTL Happen in a Librarian-Free Zone?. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 86, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.86.1.135**

This exploratory study seeks to gather preliminary information about the roles that academic librarians in the United States (US) and Canada play in the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning (SoTL) work on their campuses. It also provides insight into how librarians at US Carnegie Research 1 (R1) classified universities and U15 Group of Canadian Universities (U15) participate in SoTL, to discover ways by which these librarians might grow these roles, as well as their understanding of SoTL expertise, to better support students. Data was collected through an internationally distributed survey. The authors used thematic analysis along with descriptive statistics to examine how academic librarians participated in SoTL practices as consultants, developers, partners, and scholars. Results from this study expand upon prior research on the role of librarians in this field of study and examines how barriers can be broken down to improve the working relationships between teaching faculty and librarians at research intensive universities to enhance student learning.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
