## Dritjon Gruda, Dimitra Karanatsiou, Kanishka Mendhekar, Jennifer Golbeck, Athena Vakali (2021). I Alone Can Fix It: Examining interactions between narcissistic leaders and anxious followers on Twitter using a machine learning approach. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 11. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24490

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24490
Year: 2021
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24490
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: learning_and_literacy
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- discovery_and_advisory
- learning_and_literacy
- wellness_and_resilience
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Dritjon Gruda, Dimitra Karanatsiou, Kanishka Mendhekar, Jennifer Golbeck, Athena Vakali (2021). I Alone Can Fix It: Examining interactions between narcissistic leaders and anxious followers on Twitter using a machine learning approach. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 11. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24490**

Abstract Due to their confidence and dominance, narcissistic leaders oftentimes can be perceived favorably by followers, in particular during times of uncertainty. In this study, we propose and examine the relationship between narcissistic leaders and followers who are prone to experience uncertainty intensely and frequently in general, namely highly anxious followers. We do so by applying machine learning algorithms to account for personality traits in a large sample of leaders and followers on Twitter. We find that highly anxious followers are more likely to interact with narcissistic leaders in general, and male narcissistic leaders in particular. Finally, we also examined these interactions in the context of highly popular leaders and found that as leaders become more popular, they begin to attract less anxious followers, regardless of leader gender. We interpret and discuss these findings in relation to previous work and outline limitations and future research recommendations based on our approach.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
