## Sheng-Cheng Huang, Randolph G. Bias, David Schnyer (2015). How are icons processed by the brain? Neuroimaging measures of four types of visual stimuli used in information systems. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23210

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23210
Year: 2015
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23210
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: engagement_and_participation
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Sheng-Cheng Huang, Randolph G. Bias, David Schnyer (2015). How are icons processed by the brain? Neuroimaging measures of four types of visual stimuli used in information systems. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23210**

We sought to understand how users interpret meanings of symbols commonly used in information systems, especially how icons are processed by the brain. We investigated C hinese and E nglish speakers' processing of 4 types of visual stimuli: icons, pictures, C hinese characters, and E nglish words. The goal was to examine, via functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) data, the hypothesis that people cognitively process icons as logographic words and to provide neurological evidence related to human−computer interaction ( HCI ), which has been rare in traditional information system studies. According to the neuroimaging data of 19 participants, we conclude that icons are not cognitively processed as logographical words like C hinese characters, although they both stimulate the semantic system in the brain that is needed for language processing. Instead, more similar to images and pictures, icons are not as efficient as words in conveying meanings, and brains (people) make more effort to process icons than words. We use this study to demonstrate that it is practicable to test information system constructs such as elements of graphical user interfaces ( GUIs ) with neuroscience data and that, with such data, we can better understand individual or group differences related to system usage and user−computer interactions.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
