## Jon R. Hufford (2010). What Are They Learning? Pre- and Post-Assessment Surveys for LIBR 1100, Introduction to Library Research. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 71, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.5860/0710139

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 1058600710139
Year: 2010
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 1058600710139
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- learning_and_literacy
- professional_capacity
Audience:
- students
- educators

Intended_Outcome:
- learning_and_literacy
- institutional_capacity
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Jon R. Hufford (2010). What Are They Learning? Pre- and Post-Assessment Surveys for LIBR 1100, Introduction to Library Research. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 71, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.5860/0710139**

Articles reporting the experiences of librarians in assessing what students are learning in information literacy classes are as of yet not as well represented in the professional literature as they should be. This is especially the case for library skills courses that are for-credit. Librarians who have experience assessing student learning should share what they have learned with colleagues who, in turn, need to know what methods are working and how the assessment process can be used to improve teaching and learning. This article reports on the experience gained by librarians at Texas Tech University Libraries while developing and implementing pre- and post-assessment surveys that were administered in eleven sections of a library research course taught in the fall of 2008.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
