## Bangaly Kaba, Bakary Touré (2014). Understanding information and communication technology behavioral intention to use: Applying the UTAUT model to social networking site adoption by young people in a least developed country. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23069

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23069
Year: 2014
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23069
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Bangaly Kaba, Bakary Touré (2014). Understanding information and communication technology behavioral intention to use: Applying the UTAUT model to social networking site adoption by young people in a least developed country. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23069**

According to many studies, social network sites ( SNS ) have become some of the most popular online destinations. It has been pointed out that very little is known about the psychosocial variables that predict people's use of these websites. In this article, our general objective is to understand behavioral intentions to use SNS employing the well‐known unified theory of acceptance and use of technology ( UTAUT ), which has been validated in a number of studies. Data were collected through a questionnaire survey from a final sample of 1,039 social networking website users in A frica. We have shown that there are contexts, such as the African context, in which the UTAUT does not hold up. Explanations are provided to support the findings.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
