## Kara Kugelmeyer (2019). Andrew Weiss. Big Data Shocks: An Introduction to Big Data for Librarians and Information Professionals. Chicago: American Library Association, 2018. 194p. Paper, $45.00 (ISBN: 978-1-5381-0323-4).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 80, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.80.2.290

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl802290
Year: 2019
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl802290
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: professional_capacity
Audience: educators

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Kara Kugelmeyer (2019). Andrew Weiss. Big Data Shocks: An Introduction to Big Data for Librarians and Information Professionals. Chicago: American Library Association, 2018. 194p. Paper, $45.00 (ISBN: 978-1-5381-0323-4).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 80, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.80.2.290**

In Andrew Weiss’ book Big Data Shocks: An Introduction to Big Data for Librarians and Information Professionals , the author skillfully explores the intersections between libraries and big data by examining how this powerful technology is transforming and impacting (shocking) the world of libraries and information. The book is timely, given the intensity of the ongoing debates focused around campaigns of misinformation (Facebook and Google are two examples) coupled with the erosions of individual privacy that have been enabled by the use of big data technologies.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
