## Duen-Ren Liu, Yu-Hsuan Chen, Minxin Shen, Pei-Jung Lu (2015). Complementary QA network analysis for QA retrieval in social question-answering websites. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23155

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23155
Year: 2015
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23155
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- discovery_and_advisory
- learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Duen-Ren Liu, Yu-Hsuan Chen, Minxin Shen, Pei-Jung Lu (2015). Complementary QA network analysis for QA retrieval in social question-answering websites. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23155**

With the ubiquity of the Internet and the rapid development of Web 2.0 technology, social question and answering ( SQA ) websites have become popular knowledge‐sharing platforms. As the number of posted questions and answers ( QAs ) continues to increase rapidly, the massive amount of question‐answer knowledge is causing information overload. The problem is compounded by the growing number of redundant QAs . SQA websites such as Yahoo! Answers are open platforms where users can freely ask or answer questions. Users also may wish to learn more about the information provided in an answer so they can use related keywords in the answer to search for extended, complementary information. In this article, we propose a novel approach to identify complementary QAs ( CQAs ) of a target QA . We define two types of complementarity: partial complementarity and extended complementarity. First, we utilize a classification‐based approach to predict complementary relationships between QAs based on three measures: question similarity, answer novelty, and answer correlation. Then we construct a CQA network based on the derived complementary relationships. In addition, we introduce a CQA network analysis technique that searches the QA network to find direct and indirect CQAs of the target QA . The results of experiments conducted on the data collected from Yahoo! Answers T aiwan show that the proposed approach can more effectively identify CQAs than can the conventional similarity‐based method. Case and user study results also validate the helpfulness and the effectiveness of our approach.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
