## Michael Marcinkowski, Fred Fonseca (2016). The conditions of peak empiricism in big data and interaction design. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 6. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23497

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23497
Year: 2016
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23497
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- collections_and_access
- outreach_and_partnerships
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: creativity_and_production
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Michael Marcinkowski, Fred Fonseca (2016). The conditions of peak empiricism in big data and interaction design. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 6. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23497**

An influx of mechanisms for the collection of large sets of data has prompted widespread consideration of the impact that data analytic methods can have on a number of disciplines. Having an established record of the use of a unique mixture of empirical methods, the work of understanding and designing for user behavior is well situated to take advantage of the advances claimed by “big data” methods. Beyond any straightforward benefit of the use of large sets of data, such an increase in the scale of empirical evidence has far‐reaching implications for the work of empirically guided design. We develop the concept of “peak empiricism” to explain the new role that large‐scale data comes to play in design, one in which data become more than a simple empirical tool. In providing such an expansive empirical setting for design, big data weakens the subjective conditions necessary for empirical insight, pointing to a more performative approach to the relationship between a designer and his or her work. In this, the work of design is characterized as “thinking with” the data in a partnership that weakens not only any sense of empiricism but also the agentive foundations of a classical view of design work.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
