## Xi Niu, Bradley Hemminger (2015). Analyzing the interaction patterns in a faceted search interface. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23227

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23227
Year: 2015
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23227
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: experimental_study
Library_Context: multiple_library_types
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Xi Niu, Bradley Hemminger (2015). Analyzing the interaction patterns in a faceted search interface. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23227**

Since the adoption of faceted search in a small number of academic libraries in 2006, faceted search interfaces have gained popularity in academic and public libraries. This article clarifies whether faceted search improves the interactions between searchers and library catalogs and sheds light on ways that facets are used during a library search. To study searchers' behaviors in natural situations, we collected from the servers a data set with more than 1.5 million useful search logs. Logs were parsed, statistically analyzed, and manually studied using visualization tools to gain a general understanding of how facets are used in the search process. A user experiment with 24 subjects was conducted to further understand contextual information, such as the searchers' motivations and perceptions. The results indicate that most searchers were able to understand the concept of facets naturally and easily. The faceted search was not able to shorten the search time but was able to improve the search accuracy. Facets were used more for open‐ended tasks and difficult tasks that require more effort to learn, investigate, and explore. Overall, the results weaved a detailed “story” about the ways that people use facets and the ways that facets help people use library catalogs.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
