## F Peset, F Garzón‐Farinós, LM González, X García‐Massó, A Ferrer‐Sapena, JL Toca‐Herrera, EA Sánchez‐Pérez (2020). Survival analysis of author keywords: An application to the library and information sciences area. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 71, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24248

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24248
Year: 2020
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24248
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: evidence_synthesis
Primary_Methodology: evidence_synthesis
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **F Peset, F Garzón‐Farinós, LM González, X García‐Massó, A Ferrer‐Sapena, JL Toca‐Herrera, EA Sánchez‐Pérez (2020). Survival analysis of author keywords: An application to the library and information sciences area. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 71, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24248**

Our purpose is to adapt a statistical method for the analysis of discrete numerical series to the keywords appearing in scientific articles of a given area. As an example, we apply our methodological approach to the study of the keywords in the Library and Information Sciences (LIS) area. Our objective is to detect the new author keywords that appear in a fixed knowledge area in the period of 1 year in order to quantify the probabilities of survival for 10 years as a function of the impact of the journals where they appeared. Many of the new keywords appearing in the LIS field are ephemeral. Actually, more than half are never used again. In general, the terms most commonly used in the LIS area come from other areas. The average survival time of these keywords is approximately 3 years, being slightly higher in the case of words that were published in journals classified in the second quartile of the area. We believe that measuring the appearance and disappearance of terms will allow understanding some relevant aspects of the evolution of a discipline, providing in this way a new bibliometric approach.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
