## Debra Cox Rollins, Jessica Hutchings, Melissa Ursula Dawn Goldsmith, Anthony J. Fonseca (2009). Are We There Yet?: The Difficult Road to Re-Create Information Literacy. *portal: Libraries and the Academy*, Vol. 9, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1353/pla.0.0080

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101353pla00080
Year: 2009
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101353pla00080
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- programming_and_facilitation
- learning_and_literacy
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Debra Cox Rollins, Jessica Hutchings, Melissa Ursula Dawn Goldsmith, Anthony J. Fonseca (2009). Are We There Yet?: The Difficult Road to Re-Create Information Literacy. *portal: Libraries and the Academy*, Vol. 9, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1353/pla.0.0080**

This article reports on surveys conducted in 2002, 2006, and 2008 by members of the Louisiana Academic Library Information Network Consortium (LALINC) for the purpose of chronicling both the status of information literacy programs in Louisiana and the role of general education directors in program formation. Results from each survey are given, along with discussion of unforeseen problems that led the authors to revamp and redistribute the survey twice. The authors conclude that the resulting 2008 survey can be used as a template for other entities that wish to track the relationship between information literacy and general education core requirements.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
