## Heather Moulaison Sandy, A.J. Million, Cynthia Hudson-Vitale (2020). Innovating Support for Research: The Coalescence of Scholarly Communication?. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 81, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.81.2.193

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl812193
Year: 2020
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl812193
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: professional_capacity
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- discovery_and_advisory
- institutional_capacity
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Heather Moulaison Sandy, A.J. Million, Cynthia Hudson-Vitale (2020). Innovating Support for Research: The Coalescence of Scholarly Communication?. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 81, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.81.2.193**

Information professionals housed in academic libraries are increasingly taking a role in supporting scholarly communication activities. This article investigates the extent to which a formal role has grown in ARL libraries, the skills and competencies necessary for supporting work with data in this capacity, and how those skills and competencies relate to the research lifecycle. We find that scholarly communication has formalized in ARL libraries since 2012. We also find that the requisite skills and competencies for scholarly communication work have coalesced since 2009 in support of a core group that, when the research lifecycle is considered, also support the work of scholars.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
