## Alan Filipe Santana, Marcos André Gonçalves, Alberto H. F. Laender, Anderson A. Ferreira (2017). Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain-specific heuristics. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23726

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23726
Year: 2017
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23726
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Alan Filipe Santana, Marcos André Gonçalves, Alberto H. F. Laender, Anderson A. Ferreira (2017). Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain-specific heuristics. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23726**

The vast majority of the current author name disambiguation solutions are designed to disambiguate a whole digital library (DL) at once considering the entire repository. However, these solutions besides being very expensive and having scalability problems, also may not benefit from eventual manual corrections, as they may be lost whenever the process of disambiguating the entire repository is required. In the real world, in which repositories are updated on a daily basis, incremental solutions that disambiguate only the newly introduced citation records, are likely to produce improved results in the long run. However, the problem of incremental author name disambiguation has been largely neglected in the literature. In this article we present a new author name disambiguation method, specially designed for the incremental scenario. In our experiments, our new method largely outperforms recent incremental proposals reported in the literature as well as the current state‐of‐the‐art non‐incremental method.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
