## Kalpana Shankar, Wei Jeng, Andrea Thomer, Nicholas Weber, Ayoung Yoon (2021). Data curation as collective action during COVID ‐19. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24406

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24406
Year: 2021
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24406
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- learning_and_literacy
- community_and_inclusion
Audience: educators

Intended_Outcome:
- discovery_and_advisory
- engagement_and_participation
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Kalpana Shankar, Wei Jeng, Andrea Thomer, Nicholas Weber, Ayoung Yoon (2021). Data curation as collective action during COVID ‐19. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24406**

Abstract In this commentary, the authors, an international group data curation researchers and educators, reflect on some of the challenges and opportunities for data curation in the wake of the COVID‐19 pandemic. We focus on some topics of particular interest to the information science community: data infrastructures for scholarly communication and research, the politicization of data curation and visualization for public‐facing “dashboards,” and human subjects research and policies. We conclude with some areas of opportunity and need, including broader and richer data curation education in the information schools, the establishment of better data management policy implementations by research funders, the award of formal academic credit for data curation activities and data sharing, and engagement in cooperative action around data ethics and security.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
