## Annelien Smets, Jorre Vannieuwenhuyze, Pieter Ballon (2022). Serendipity in the city: User evaluations of urban recommender systems. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 73, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24552

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24552
Year: 2022
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24552
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Annelien Smets, Jorre Vannieuwenhuyze, Pieter Ballon (2022). Serendipity in the city: User evaluations of urban recommender systems. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 73, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24552**

Abstract The contemporary city is increasingly being labeled as a smart city consisting of both physical and virtual spaces. This digital augmentation of urban life sets the scene for urban recommender systems to help citizens dealing with the abundance of digital information and corresponding choice overload, for example, by recommending the best place to have dinner based on your personal profile. There are, however, concerns that this kind of algorithmic filtering could lead to homogenization of urban experiences and a decline of social cohesion among citizens. To overcome this issue, scholars increasingly encourage the introduction of serendipity in all types of recommender systems. Nonetheless, it remains unclear how this can be achieved in practice. In this work, we study user evaluations of serendipity in urban recommender systems through a survey among 1,641 citizens. More specifically, we study which characteristics of recommended items contribute to serendipitous experiences and to what extent this increases user satisfaction and conversion. Our results align with findings in other application domains in the sense that there is a strong relation between the relevance and novelty of recommendations and the corresponding experienced serendipity. Moreover, serendipitous recommendations are found to increase the chance of users following up on these recommendations.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
