## Jaebong Son, Jintae Lee, Kai R. Larsen, Jiyoung Woo (2020). Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 71, No. 10. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24329

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24329
Year: 2020
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24329
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Jaebong Son, Jintae Lee, Kai R. Larsen, Jiyoung Woo (2020). Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 71, No. 10. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24329**

Abstract The rapid and wide dissemination of up‐to‐date, localized information is a central issue during disasters. Being attributed to the original 140‐character length, Twitter provides its users with quick‐posting and easy‐forwarding features that facilitate the timely dissemination of warnings and alerts. However, a concern arises with respect to the terseness of tweets that restricts the amount of information conveyed in a tweet and thus increases a tweetʼs uncertainty. We tackle such concerns by proposing entropy as a measure for a tweetʼs uncertainty. Based on the perspectives of Uncertainty Reduction Theory (URT), we theorize that the more uncertain information of a disaster tweet, the higher the entropy, which will lead to a lower retweet count. By leveraging the statistical and predictive analyses, we provide evidence supporting that entropy validly and reliably assesses the uncertainty of a tweet. This study contributes to improving our understanding of information propagation on Twitter during disasters. Academically, we offer a new variable of entropy to measure a tweetʼs uncertainty, an important factor influencing disaster tweetsʼ retweeting. Entropy plays a critical role to better comprehend URLs and emoticons as a means to convey information. Practically, this research suggests a set of guidelines for effectively crafting disaster messages on Twitter.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
