## Mike Thelwall, Olga Goriunova, Farida Vis, Simon Faulkner, Anne Burns, Jim Aulich, Amalia Mas-Bleda, Emma Stuart, Francesco D'Orazio (2016). Chatting through pictures? A classification of images tweeted in one week in the UK and USA. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 11. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23620

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23620
Year: 2016
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23620
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: content_or_artifact_analysis
Primary_Methodology: content_analysis
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Mike Thelwall, Olga Goriunova, Farida Vis, Simon Faulkner, Anne Burns, Jim Aulich, Amalia Mas-Bleda, Emma Stuart, Francesco D'Orazio (2016). Chatting through pictures? A classification of images tweeted in one week in the UK and USA. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 11. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23620**

Twitter is used by a substantial minority of the populations of many countries to share short messages, sometimes including images. Nevertheless, despite some research into specific images, such as selfies, and a few news stories about specific tweeted photographs, little is known about the types of images that are routinely shared. In response, this article reports a content analysis of random samples of 800 images tweeted from the UK or USA during a week at the end of 2014. Although most images were photographs, a substantial minority were hybrid or layered image forms: phone screenshots, collages, captioned pictures, and pictures of text messages. About half were primarily of one or more people, including 10% that were selfies, but a wide variety of other things were also pictured. Some of the images were for advertising or to share a joke but in most cases the purpose of the tweet seemed to be to share the minutiae of daily lives, performing the function of chat or gossip, sometimes in innovative ways.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
