## Chong Wang, Shuai Zhao, Achir Kalra, Cristian Borcea, Yi Chen (2018). Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth-level dwell time. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 69, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24025

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24025
Year: 2018
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24025
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: experimental_study
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- discovery_and_advisory
- outreach_and_partnerships
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Chong Wang, Shuai Zhao, Achir Kalra, Cristian Borcea, Yi Chen (2018). Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth-level dwell time. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 69, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24025**

A half of online display ads are not rendered viewable because the users do not scroll deep enough or spend sufficient time at the page depth where the ads are placed. In order to increase the marketing efficiency and ad effectiveness, there is a strong demand for viewability prediction from both advertisers and publishers. This paper aims to predict the dwell time for a given triplet based on historic data collected by publishers. This problem is difficult because of user behavior variability and data sparsity. To solve it, we propose predictive models based on Factorization Machines and Field‐aware Factorization Machines in order to overcome the data sparsity issue and provide flexibility to add auxiliary information such as the visible area of a user's browser. In addition, we leverage the prior dwell time behavior of the user within the current page view, that is, time series information, to further improve the proposed models. Experimental results using data from a large web publisher demonstrate that the proposed models outperform comparison models. Also, the results show that adding time series information further improves the performance.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
