## Iris Xie, Soohyung Joo, Renee Bennett-Kapusniak (2017). User involvement and system support in applying search tactics. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23765

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23765
Year: 2017
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23765
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: creativity_and_production
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Iris Xie, Soohyung Joo, Renee Bennett-Kapusniak (2017). User involvement and system support in applying search tactics. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23765**

Both user involvement and system support play important roles in applying search tactics. To apply search tactics in the information retrieval (IR) processes, users make decisions and take actions in the search process, while IR systems assist them by providing different system features. After analyzing 61 participants’ information searching diaries and questionnaires we identified various types of user involvement and system support in applying different types of search tactics. Based on quantitative analysis, search tactics were classified into 3 groups: user‐dominated, system‐dominated, and balanced tactics. We further explored types of user involvement and types of system support in applying search tactics from the 3 groups. The findings show that users and systems play major roles in applying user‐dominated and system‐dominated tactics, respectively. When applying balanced tactics, users and systems must collaborate closely with each other. In this article, we propose a model that illustrates user involvement and system support as they occur in user‐dominated tactics, system‐dominated tactics, and balanced tactics. Most important, IR system design implications are discussed to facilitate effective and efficient applications of the 3 groups of search tactics.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
