## Lin Zhang, Zhenyu Gou, Zhichao Fang, Gunnar Sivertsen, Ying Huang (2023). Who tweets scientific publications? A large-scale study of tweeting audiences in all areas of research. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 74, No. 13. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24830

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24830
Year: 2023
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24830
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: discovery_and_advisory
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Lin Zhang, Zhenyu Gou, Zhichao Fang, Gunnar Sivertsen, Ying Huang (2023). Who tweets scientific publications? A large-scale study of tweeting audiences in all areas of research. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 74, No. 13. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24830**

Abstract The purpose of this study is to investigate the validity of tweets about scientific publications as an indicator of societal impact by measuring the degree to which the publications are tweeted beyond academia. We introduce methods that allow for using a much larger and broader data set than in previous validation studies. It covers all areas of research and includes almost 40 million tweets by 2.5 million unique tweeters mentioning almost 4 million scientific publications. We find that, although half of the tweeters are external to academia, most of the tweets are from within academia, and most of the external tweets are responses to original tweets within academia. Only half of the tweeted publications are tweeted outside of academia. We conclude that, in general, the tweeting of scientific publications is not a valid indicator of the societal impact of research. However, publications that continue being tweeted after a few days represent recent scientific achievements that catch attention in society. These publications occur more often in the health sciences and in the social sciences and humanities.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
