## Han Zheng, Htet Htet Aung, Mojisola Erdt, Tai-Quan Peng, Aravind Sesagiri Raamkumar, Yin-Leng Theng (2019). Social media presence of scholarly journals. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 70, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24124

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24124
Year: 2019
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24124
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Han Zheng, Htet Htet Aung, Mojisola Erdt, Tai-Quan Peng, Aravind Sesagiri Raamkumar, Yin-Leng Theng (2019). Social media presence of scholarly journals. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 70, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24124**

Recently, social media has become a potentially new way for scholarly journals to disseminate and evaluate research outputs. Scholarly journals have started promoting their research articles to a wide range of audiences via social media platforms. This article aims to investigate the social media presence of scholarly journals across disciplines. We extracted journals from Web of Science and searched for the social media presence of these journals on Facebook and Twitter. Relevant metrics and content relating to the journals' social media accounts were also crawled for data analysis. From our results, the social media presence of scholarly journals lies between 7.1% and 14.2% across disciplines; and it has shown a steady increase in the last decade. The popularity of scholarly journals on social media is distinct across disciplines. Further, we investigated whether social media metrics of journals can predict the Journal Impact Factor (JIF). We found that the number of followers and disciplines have significant effects on the JIF. In addition, a word co‐occurrence network analysis was also conducted to identify popular topics discussed by scholarly journals on social media platforms. Finally, we highlight challenges and issues faced in this study and discuss future research directions.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
