## Rebecca Adler (2003). The Librarians in the Trenches: The Workaday Impact of Information Literacy. *portal: Libraries and the Academy*, Vol. 3, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1353/pla.2003.0051

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101353pla20030051
Year: 2003
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101353pla20030051
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- programming_and_facilitation
- learning_and_literacy
Audience:
- students
- educators

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Rebecca Adler (2003). The Librarians in the Trenches: The Workaday Impact of Information Literacy. *portal: Libraries and the Academy*, Vol. 3, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1353/pla.2003.0051**

This paper examines the way the information literacy project is functioning day to day at a number of representative undergraduate campuses in the greater New York City area. It does so by reporting on information culled from face-to-face interviews conducted with the librarian coordinating the program. The information, though anecdotal in nature, is nonetheless of considerable value, inasmuch as the personal interview appeared to elicit from interviewees the kinds of responses that were unlikely to have been so nuanced (and so detailed) in a more formal, impersonal type of questionnaire amenable to statistical analysis. Thus new insights are obtained into the manner in which library personnel are dealing with the added responsibilities the information literacy boom has conferred upon them. In addition, the answers to the series of questions asked are informally analyzed and provide a sense of the way some of the problems are being handled that have arisen as a result of the strong college-wide emphasis on achieving universal information literacy.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
