## Joseph Aubele (2018). Victoria Martin. Transdisciplinarity Revealed: What Librarians Need to Know . Santa Barbara, Calif.: Libraries Unlimited, 2017. 211p. Paper. $85.00 (ISBN 978-1-4408-4347-1).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 79, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.79.1.146

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl791146
Year: 2018
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl791146
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- learning_and_literacy
- creation_and_making
Audience: educators

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Joseph Aubele (2018). Victoria Martin. Transdisciplinarity Revealed: What Librarians Need to Know . Santa Barbara, Calif.: Libraries Unlimited, 2017. 211p. Paper. $85.00 (ISBN 978-1-4408-4347-1).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 79, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.79.1.146**

Academia is rooted in disciplinary distinctions, so it is no surprise that academic librarianship shares that quality. Over time, as “multidisciplinary,” “interdisciplinary,” and “transdisciplinary” have increasingly become part of the process of knowledge creation within higher education, librarians have adapted. But, while most education professionals are able to explain the distinctions between multi- and interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity is less understood, so much so that it is often perceived as a synonym for the better known modes of knowledge creation. In an ambitious work, that is both a meticulously researched history of the development of transdisciplinarity and a forward-looking call for librarians to anticipate and prepare for the challenges that will arise as it is more widely embraced and implemented, the author sets out to clarify transdisciplinarity for her readers. In doing so, she highlights the potential and challenges of becoming more knowledgeable about, and adept at serving, this highly integrative and collaborative approach to scholarship, discusses areas of librarianship that may be profoundly impacted as transdisciplinarity continues to be adopted among scholars, and challenges existing paradigms within librarianship.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
