## Fred Fonseca, Michael Marcinkowski, Clodoveu Davis (2019). Cyber-human systems of thought and understanding. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 70, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24132

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24132
Year: 2019
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24132
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: instrument_or_framework_development
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Fred Fonseca, Michael Marcinkowski, Clodoveu Davis (2019). Cyber-human systems of thought and understanding. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 70, No. 4. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24132**

The present challenge faced by scientists working with Big Data comes in the overwhelming volume and level of detail provided by current data sets. Exceeding traditional empirical approaches, Big Data opens a new perspective on scientific work in which data comes to play a role in the development of the scientific problematic to be developed. Addressing this reconfiguration of our relationship with data through readings of Wittgenstein, Macherey, and Popper, we propose a picture of science that encourages scientists to engage with the data in a direct way, using the data itself as an instrument for scientific investigation. Using GIS as a theme, we develop the concept of cyber‐human systems of thought and understanding to bridge the divide between representative (theoretical) thinking and (non‐theoretical) data‐driven science. At the foundation of these systems, we invoke the concept of the “semantic pixel” to establish a logical and virtual space linking data and the work of scientists. It is with this discussion of the relationship between analysts in their pursuit of knowledge and the rise of Big Data that this present discussion of the philosophical foundations of Big Data addresses the central questions raised by social informatics research.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
