## Tim Gorichanaz (2024). Abstractions and embodiments: New histories of computing and society. By Janet Abbate, Stephanie Dick (Eds.), Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press. 2022. pp. 472. $39.95 (softcover). ISBN: 9781421444376. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 75, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24902

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24902
Year: 2024
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24902
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Tim Gorichanaz (2024). Abstractions and embodiments: New histories of computing and society. By Janet Abbate, Stephanie Dick (Eds.), Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press. 2022. pp. 472. $39.95 (softcover). ISBN: 9781421444376. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 75, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24902**

Click on the article title to read more.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
