## David Hakken (2014). Ethnography and Virtual Worlds: A Handbook of Methods by Tom Boellstorff, Bonnie Nardi, Celia Pearce, and T.L. Taylor. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2012. 237 pp. $22.95 (paper) (ISBN 978-0-691-14951-6). *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 10. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23234

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23234
Year: 2014
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23234
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **David Hakken (2014). Ethnography and Virtual Worlds: A Handbook of Methods by Tom Boellstorff, Bonnie Nardi, Celia Pearce, and T.L. Taylor. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2012. 237 pp. $22.95 (paper) (ISBN 978-0-691-14951-6). *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 10. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23234**

Click on the article title to read more.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
