## Eleanor B. Howe (1997). Using Student Surveys to Build and Evaluate an Information Skills Program. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 3, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw7023

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 1029173slw7023
Year: 1997
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 1029173slw7023
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type:
- empirical_study
- implementation_case
Primary_Methodology: action_research
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- programming_and_facilitation
- learning_and_literacy
Audience:
- teens
- students

Intended_Outcome:
- learning_and_literacy
- creativity_and_production
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Eleanor B. Howe (1997). Using Student Surveys to Build and Evaluate an Information Skills Program. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 3, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw7023**

A local area network provides the technical ability to teach a class the efficient use of its resources. The problem is to design instruction to fit the needs of the students. Action research, as a tool for gathering information to describe situations and solve problems in context, was used to determine current level of high school students' electronic search skills so that the course could be designed that would move them to the desired level of proficiency. A student survey revealed self-assessed knowledge and use of information technologies and identified deficiencies In desired skills that would be addressed in instruction.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
