## Shoubin Kong, Fei Ye, Ling Feng, Zhe Zhao (2015). Towards the prediction problems of bursting hashtags on T witter. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 12. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23342

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23342
Year: 2015
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23342
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: learning_and_literacy
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: learning_and_literacy
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Shoubin Kong, Fei Ye, Ling Feng, Zhe Zhao (2015). Towards the prediction problems of bursting hashtags on T witter. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 12. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23342**

Hundreds of thousands of hashtags are generated every day on T witter. Only a few will burst and become trending topics. In this article, we provide the definition of a bursting hashtag and conduct a systematic study of a series of challenging prediction problems that span the entire life cycles of bursting hashtags. Around the problem of “how to build a system to predict bursting hashtags,” we explore different types of features and present machine learning solutions. On real data sets from Twitter, experiments are conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed solutions and the contributions of features.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
