## Luka Kronegger, Franc Mali, Anuška Ferligoj, Patrick Doreian (2015). Classifying scientific disciplines in S lovenia: A study of the evolution of collaboration structures. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23171

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23171
Year: 2015
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23171
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: evidence_synthesis
Primary_Methodology: evidence_synthesis
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: outreach_and_partnerships
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: belonging_and_community
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Luka Kronegger, Franc Mali, Anuška Ferligoj, Patrick Doreian (2015). Classifying scientific disciplines in S lovenia: A study of the evolution of collaboration structures. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23171**

We explore classifying scientific disciplines including their temporal features by focusing on their collaboration structures over time. Bibliometric data for S lovenian researchers registered at the S lovenian Research Agency were used. These data were obtained from the S lovenian National Current Research Information System. We applied a recently developed hierarchical clustering procedure for symbolic data to the coauthorship structure of scientific disciplines. To track temporal changes, we divided data for the period 1986–2010 into five 5‐year time periods. The clusters of disciplines for the Slovene science system revealed 5 clusters of scientific disciplines that, in large measure, correspond with the official national classification of sciences. However, there were also some significant differences pointing to the need for a dynamic classification system of sciences to better characterize them. Implications stemming from these results, especially with regard to classifying scientific disciplines, understanding the collaborative structure of science, and research and development policies, are discussed.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
