## David W. Lewis (2007). A Strategy for Academic Libraries in the First Quarter of the 21st Century. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 68, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.68.5.418

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl685418
Year: 2007
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl685418
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- collections_and_access
- space_and_infrastructure
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **David W. Lewis (2007). A Strategy for Academic Libraries in the First Quarter of the 21st Century. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 68, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.68.5.418**

The wide application of digital technologies to scholarly communications has disrupted the model of academic library service that has been in place for the past century. Given the new Internet tools and the explosive growth of digital content available on the Web, it is now not entirely clear what an academic library should be. This article is an attempt to provide a strategy for academic libraries in what is left of the first quarter of the 21st century. There are five components of the model: 1) complete the migration from print to electronic collections; 2) retire legacy print collections; 3) redevelop library space; 4) reposition library and information tools, resources, and expertise; and 5) migrate the focus of collections from purchasing materials to curating content. Each of the components of the strategy and their interactions will be considered. It is hoped that the result will provide a useful roadmap for academic libraries and the campuses they serve.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
