## Rowena Li (2014). The influence of geospatial factors on democracy: Its representation on web interface design. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.22964

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi22964
Year: 2014
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi22964
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- discovery_and_advisory
- creativity_and_production
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Rowena Li (2014). The influence of geospatial factors on democracy: Its representation on web interface design. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 65, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.22964**

Democracy is represented on web interface design ( L i, 2010). W ittfogel's (1957) E astern autocracy states that 2 environmental dimensions, rainfall and sea border, influence the origin of democracy. This study examined W ittfogel's E astern autocracy theory through statistical analysis of average annual precipitation, land boundaries, latitudes, and annual temperature of 196 countries and territories with their freedom levels defined by Freedom House, to find out the correlations between these geospatial factors and democracy. In addition, this study extended its investigation to web interface design by examining democracy represented on college/university websites in correlations with these geospatial factors. A total of 130 college/university websites selected from 65 countries were coded and examined systematically in linear and multiple regression analyses. This study concluded that democracy correlates positively with annual precipitation and latitude, but negatively with land boundaries and annual temperature. Furthermore, this study indicated that these 4 geospatial variables associate with democracy represented on web interface design, although the associations are not statistically significant. This study also suggested that it is more accurate to predict democracy if the 4 geospatial factors are considered together as dependent variables. By examining Wittfogel's theory of hydraulic civilization on web interface design, this study not only extended its sociological perspective to the information science arena, but also provided a better understanding of the functionality of the Internet in information dissemination and its cultural and sociological aspects.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
