## Rongqian Ma, Kai Li (2022). Digital humanities as a cross‐disciplinary battleground: An examination of inscriptions in journal publications. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 73, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24534

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24534
Year: 2022
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24534
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: community_and_inclusion
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: creativity_and_production
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Rongqian Ma, Kai Li (2022). Digital humanities as a cross‐disciplinary battleground: An examination of inscriptions in journal publications. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 73, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24534**

Abstract Inscriptions are defined as traces of scientific research production that are embodied in material artifacts and media, which encompass a wide variety of nonverbal forms such as graphs, diagrams, and tables. Inscription serves as a fundamental rhetorical device in research outputs and practices. As many inscriptions are deeply rooted in a scientific research paradigm, they can be used to evaluate the level of scientificity of a scientific field. This is specifically helpful to understand the relationships between research traditions in digital humanities (DH), a highly cross‐disciplinary between various humanities and scientific traditions. This paper presents a quantitative, community‐focused examination of how inscriptions are used in English‐language research articles in DH journals. We randomly selected 252 articles published between 2011 and 2020 from a representative DH journal list, and manually classified the inscriptions and author domains in these publications. We found that inscriptions have been increasingly used during the past decade, and their uses are more intensive in publications led by STEM authors comparing to other domains. This study offers a timely survey of the disciplinary landscape of DH from the perspective of inscriptions and sheds light on how different research approaches collaborate and combat in the field of DH.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
