## Yuriko Nakamura (2000). Teachers' Perceptions of School Libraries: Comparisons from Tokyo and Honolulu. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 6, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw7073

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 1029173slw7073
Year: 2000
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 1029173slw7073
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: school_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: learning_and_literacy
Audience: educators

Intended_Outcome: discovery_and_advisory
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Yuriko Nakamura (2000). Teachers' Perceptions of School Libraries: Comparisons from Tokyo and Honolulu. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 6, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw7073**

A survey of teachers' perceptions of school libraries was conducted in 1998 in Ohta-ku in Tokyo, Japan and in the Honolulu District in Hawaii, USA. The results were compared to find similarities and differences and to examine possible influences on the development of school libraries in these locations. Most survey respondents in Ohta-ku and Honolulu acknowledged the importance of the pedagogical role of school libraries and school librarians. Teachers in Honolulu had higher expectations of service from school librarians than did teachers in Ohta-ku. This result was probably due to differences in policy and in the availability of trained school library personnel. There were some other interesting differences between the survey responses of teachers from Ohta-ku and Honolulu, probably because of major differences in the nature of school library development in the two areas.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
