## Anton Ninkov, Liwen Vaughan (2017). A webometric analysis of the online vaccination debate. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23758

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23758
Year: 2017
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23758
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: content_or_artifact_analysis
Primary_Methodology: content_analysis
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Anton Ninkov, Liwen Vaughan (2017). A webometric analysis of the online vaccination debate. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 68, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23758**

Webometrics research methods can be effectively used to measure and analyze information on the web. One topic discussed vehemently online that could benefit from this type of analysis is vaccines. We carried out a study analyzing the web presence of both sides of this debate. We collected a variety of webometric data and analyzed the data both quantitatively and qualitatively. The study found far more anti‐ than pro‐vaccine web domains. The anti and pro sides had similar web visibility as measured by the number of links coming from general websites and Tweets. However, the links to the pro domains were of higher quality measured by PageRank scores. The result from the qualitative content analysis confirmed this finding. The analysis of site ages revealed that the battle between the two sides had a long history and is still ongoing. The web scene was polarized with either pro or anti views and little neutral ground. The study suggests ways that professional information can be promoted more effectively on the web. The study demonstrates that webometrics analysis is effective in studying online information dissemination. This kind of analysis can be used to study not only health information but other information as well.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
