## Nir Ofek, Lior Rokach (2015). A classifier to determine which W ikipedia biographies will be accepted. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23199

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23199
Year: 2015
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23199
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: community_and_inclusion
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: institutional_capacity
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Nir Ofek, Lior Rokach (2015). A classifier to determine which W ikipedia biographies will be accepted. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23199**

W ikipedia, like other encyclopedias, includes biographies of notable people. However, because it is jointly written by many contributors, it is subject to constant manipulation by contributors attempting to add biographies of non‐notable people. Over time, W ikipedia has developed inclusion criteria for notable people (e.g., receiving a significant award) based on which newly contributed biographies are evaluated. In this paper we present and analyze a set of simple indicators that can be used to predict which article will eventually be accepted. These indicators do not refer to the content itself, but to meta‐content features (such as the number of categories that the biography is associated with) and to author‐based features (such as if it is a first‐time author). By training a classifier on these features, we successfully reached a high predictive performance (area under the receiver operating characteristic [ ROC ] curve [ AUC ] of 0.97) even though we overlooked the actual biography text.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
