## Adetoun Oyelude (2013). Teachers'/students' library use and reading habits in Ido local government area, Ibadan, Nigeria. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 19, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw6865

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 1029173slw6865
Year: 2013
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 1029173slw6865
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: survey
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: learning_and_literacy
Audience:
- students
- educators

Intended_Outcome:
- learning_and_literacy
- engagement_and_participation
- institutional_capacity
Coding_Confidence: medium

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Adetoun Oyelude (2013). Teachers'/students' library use and reading habits in Ido local government area, Ibadan, Nigeria. *School Libraries Worldwide*, Vol. 19, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.29173/slw6865**

Reading is a skill which can be acquired in a library environment therefore educators need to get a general profile of reading habits of teachers and students and their use of library for effective educational planning. This study investigates the reading habits and use of library of teachers and students in primary and secondary schools. Using a purposive sampling technique, Questionnaire, Observation and Interview methods were used to gather information from122 respondents from five schools in the Ido Local Governm ent Area of Oyo State, Nigeria regarding general attitudes towards reading, reading habits, reading speed and general use of library. Parental interest in reading, teachers and governmental encouragement of students as well as organisation of reading programmes by Non-governmental organisations (NGOs), societies and clubs are some of the solutions proffered.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
