## Jiangnan Qiu, Min Zuo, Jingxian Wang, Chengjie Cai (2021). Knowledge order in an online knowledge community: Group heterogeneity and two paths mediated by group interaction. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24475

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi24475
Year: 2021
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi24475
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- community_and_inclusion
- creation_and_making
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- learning_and_literacy
- creativity_and_production
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Jiangnan Qiu, Min Zuo, Jingxian Wang, Chengjie Cai (2021). Knowledge order in an online knowledge community: Group heterogeneity and two paths mediated by group interaction. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 72, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.24475**

Abstract Knowledge order in an online knowledge community (OKC) refers to a consensual version of collective knowledge in the creation of shared knowledge representation. Much previous research has been conducted in the context of the ordered structure of objective knowledge systems, but this does little to explain the microlevel order of knowledge after users contribute knowledge and achieve consensus through online interactions in OKC. Based on interactive team cognition theory and the stigmergy coordination mechanism, our research aims to investigate how knowledge and experience heterogeneity affect knowledge order effectiveness and efficiency through collaborative and communicative interaction. To test our hypotheses, we randomly collected the records of 250 articles from the English version of Wikipedia. Partial least squares structural equation modeling indicated that OKC favoring online collective knowledge order by limiting communicative interaction, as collaborative interaction is very effective in achieving knowledge order and in achieving it in a fast way. From our findings, scholars and practitioners are advised to pay attention to online knowledge order in the management and design of OKC.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
