## Mark E. Shelton (2018). David R. Moore II and Eric C. Shoaf. Planning Optimal Library Spaces: Principles, Processes, and Practices . Lanham, Md.: Rowman & Littlefield, 2018. 196p. Hardback, $85.00 (ISBN: 978-1-5381-0940-3).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 79, No. 6. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.79.6.852

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl796852
Year: 2018
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl796852
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- creation_and_making
- space_and_infrastructure
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- creativity_and_production
- institutional_capacity
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Mark E. Shelton (2018). David R. Moore II and Eric C. Shoaf. Planning Optimal Library Spaces: Principles, Processes, and Practices . Lanham, Md.: Rowman & Littlefield, 2018. 196p. Hardback, $85.00 (ISBN: 978-1-5381-0940-3).. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 79, No. 6. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.79.6.852**

There are few aspects of libraries that create more pride and also more problems than renovating a library or building a new one. There is pride in knowing that you will have this new facility with all new furniture. It will be bright and inviting. But to get from A to B, there will be many headaches as decision after decision will have to be made. One hopes that, once the work is all done, the pride will be there without any issues of design having trumped function or people wondering about why X was placed in spot Y. To aid in making the transition from old, cold, leaky, and out of date to shiny, new, efficient, and inviting, David Moore II and Eric Shoaf have teamed up to give us Planning Optimal Library Spaces: Principles, Processes, and Practices . Moore is an architect whose thirty-year career has focused entirely on libraries, and Shoaf, the Dean of the Library at Queens University in Charlotte, NC, is a thirty-year veteran of academic libraries with extensive involvement in library renovation and building projects at multiple institutions.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
