## Tammy R. Siebenberg, Betty Galbraith, Eileen E. Brady (2004). Print versus Electronic Journal Use in Three Sci/Tech Disciplines: What’s Going On Here?. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 65, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.65.5.427

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl655427
Year: 2004
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl655427
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: professional_capacity
Audience: students

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Tammy R. Siebenberg, Betty Galbraith, Eileen E. Brady (2004). Print versus Electronic Journal Use in Three Sci/Tech Disciplines: What’s Going On Here?. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 65, No. 5. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.65.5.427**

In 2003, an evaluation of journal use statistics at Washington State University was undertaken to determine if the selection of electronic journals in the Owen Science and Engineering Library was changing student and researchers’ choice of journals. Use statistics showed that most print journals were being used more than they were prior to the advent of electronic journals. Generally, electronic journals were used heavily and the availability of electronic format greatly enhanced the total use of most titles. However, some electronic journals were used little or not at all, and there was a substantial increase in the use of some print titles.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
