## Pardeep Sud, Mike Thelwall (2016). Not all international collaboration is beneficial: The M endeley readership and citation impact of biochemical research collaboration. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23515

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23515
Year: 2016
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23515
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- community_and_inclusion
- outreach_and_partnerships
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- discovery_and_advisory
- belonging_and_community
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Pardeep Sud, Mike Thelwall (2016). Not all international collaboration is beneficial: The M endeley readership and citation impact of biochemical research collaboration. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 8. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23515**

Biochemistry is a highly funded research area that is typified by large research teams and is important for many areas of the life sciences. This article investigates the citation impact and M endeley readership impact of biochemistry research from 2011 in the Web of Science according to the type of collaboration involved. Negative binomial regression models are used that incorporate, for the first time, the inclusion of specific countries within a team. The results show that, holding other factors constant, larger teams robustly associate with higher impact research, but including additional departments has no effect and adding extra institutions tends to reduce the impact of research. Although international collaboration is apparently not advantageous in general, collaboration with the U nited S tates, and perhaps also with some other countries, seems to increase impact. In contrast, collaborations with some other nations seems to decrease impact, although both findings could be due to factors such as differing national proportions of excellent researchers. As a methodological implication, simpler statistical models would find international collaboration to be generally beneficial and so it is important to take into account specific countries when examining collaboration.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
