## Jennifer Hain Teper, Emily F. Shaw (2011). Planning for Preservation During Mass Digitization Projects. *portal: Libraries and the Academy*, Vol. 11, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1353/pla.2011.0017

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101353pla20110017
Year: 2011
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101353pla20110017
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- collections_and_access
- cultural_heritage_and_research
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome:
- engagement_and_participation
- cultural_stewardship_and_preservation
- institutional_capacity
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Jennifer Hain Teper, Emily F. Shaw (2011). Planning for Preservation During Mass Digitization Projects. *portal: Libraries and the Academy*, Vol. 11, No. 2. https://doi.org/10.1353/pla.2011.0017**

In anticipation of current and future mass digitization projects in which the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign's Library will participate, the Library's Conservation Unit began to gather data on the "scannability" of our general book collections to anticipate potential effects on conservation and preservation work flows. The findings from this project will be valuable to other libraries involved, or contemplating participation, in a mass digitization project by outlining the steps necessary to evaluate materials for digitization based on condition, as well as offering some selection guidelines used by the University of Illinois that could be applied in other institutions.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
