## Liwen Vaughan, Yue Chen (2015). Data mining from web search queries: A comparison of google trends and baidu index. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23201

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23201
Year: 2015
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23201
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: empirical_study
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: unspecified_library_context
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: not_applicable
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Liwen Vaughan, Yue Chen (2015). Data mining from web search queries: A comparison of google trends and baidu index. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 66, No. 1. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23201**

Numerous studies have explored the possibility of uncovering information from web search queries but few have examined the factors that affect web query data sources. We conducted a study that investigated this issue by comparing G oogle T rends and B aidu I ndex. Data from these two services are based on queries entered by users into G oogle and B aidu, two of the largest search engines in the world. We first compared the features and functions of the two services based on documents and extensive testing. We then carried out an empirical study that collected query volume data from the two sources. We found that data from both sources could be used to predict the quality of C hinese universities and companies. Despite the differences between the two services in terms of technology, such as differing methods of language processing, the search volume data from the two were highly correlated and combining the two data sources did not improve the predictive power of the data. However, there was a major difference between the two in terms of data availability. B aidu I ndex was able to provide more search volume data than G oogle T rends did. Our analysis showed that the disadvantage of G oogle T rends in this regard was due to G oogle's smaller user base in C hina. The implication of this finding goes beyond C hina. G oogle's user bases in many countries are smaller than that in C hina, so the search volume data related to those countries could result in the same issue as that related to C hina.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
