## Mark Winston (1998). The Role of Recruitment in Achieving Goals Related to Diversity. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 59, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.59.3.240

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 105860crl593240
Year: 1998
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 105860crl593240
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: academic_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area:
- community_and_inclusion
- creation_and_making
Audience: educators

Intended_Outcome: creativity_and_production
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Mark Winston (1998). The Role of Recruitment in Achieving Goals Related to Diversity. *College & Research Libraries*, Vol. 59, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.5860/crl.59.3.240**

One of our diversity-related goals is to broaden the number of perspectives represented in academic library decision-making, administration, and library services. The research conducted in library and information science, as well as that conducted in numerous other disciplines, provides a basis for identifying those factors that have an impact on the decisions of individuals to choose a particular profession and/or professional specialty. This information should inform our recruitment strategies, as we identify approaches that will prove effective in increasing the number of minority academic librarians, and thus help to achieve our goals related to diversity.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
