## Sulan Yan, Ronald Rousseau, Shuiqing Huang (2016). Contributions of chinese authors in PLOS ONE. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23400

### Metadata
Citation_Key: 101002asi23400
Year: 2016
Zotero_Item_Key:
Better_BibTeX_Citation_Key: 101002asi23400
Attachment_Key:

Source_Type: peer_reviewed_journal_article
Peer_Review: peer_reviewed
Evidence_Type: theoretical_or_conceptual
Primary_Methodology: unspecified
Library_Context: public_library
Game_Format: unspecified_game_format

Service_Area: discovery_and_advisory
Audience: not_applicable

Intended_Outcome: discovery_and_advisory
Coding_Confidence: low

Coding_Basis: abstract_only

Contributions: none

### Summary
# **Sulan Yan, Ronald Rousseau, Shuiqing Huang (2016). Contributions of chinese authors in PLOS ONE. *Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST)*, Vol. 67, No. 3. https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23400**

Beginning with a short review of Public Library of Science ( PLOS ) journals, we focus on PLOS ONE and more specifically the contributions of C hinese authors to this journal. It is shown that their contribution is growing exponentially. In 2013 almost one fifth of all publications in this journal had at least one C hinese author. The average number of citations per publication is approximately the same for articles with a C hinese author and for articles without any C hinese coauthor. Using the odds‐ratio, we could not find arguments that C hinese authors in PLOS ONE excessively cite other C hinese contributions.

*Abstract-only coding note: Coding is based only on the archived title and abstract. Fields marked low or medium confidence should be checked against the full article before substantive synthesis.*
