# A Case Study on the Path to Resource Discovery

## Citation Metadata

Title: A Case Study on the Path to Resource Discovery
Authors: Beth Guay
Year: 2017
Journal: Information Technology and Libraries
Volume: 36
Issue: 3
Pages: 18-47
DOI: 10.6017/ital.v36i3.9966
URL: https://doi.org/10.6017/ital.v36i3.9966
Full_Citation: Beth Guay (2017). A Case Study on the Path to Resource Discovery. Information Technology and Libraries, 36(3), 18-47. https://doi.org/10.6017/ital.v36i3.9966
Source: https://api.crossref.org/journals/2163-5226/works

## Abstract

A meeting in April 2015 explored the potential withdrawal of valuable collections of microfilm held by the University of Maryland, College Park Libraries. This resulted in a project to identify OCLC record numbers (OCN) for addition to OCLC’s Chadwyck-Healey Early English Books Online (EEBO) KBART file.[i] Initially, the project was an attempt to adapt cataloging workflows to a new environment in which the copy cataloging of e-resources takes place within discovery system tools rather than traditional cataloging utilities and MARC record set or individual record downloads into online catalogs. In the course of the project, it was discovered that the microfilm and e-version bibliographic records contained metadata which had not been utilized by OCLC to improve its link resolution and discovery services for digitized versions of the microfilm resources. This metadata may be advantageous to OCLC and to others in their work to transition from MARC to linked data on the Semantic Web. With MARC record field indexing and linked data implementations, this collection and others could better support scholarly research.[i] A KBART file is a file compliant with the NISO recommended practice, Knowledge Bases and Related Tools (KBART). See KBART Phase II Working Group, Knowledge Bases and Related Tools (KBART): Recommended Practice: NISO RP-9-2014 (Baltimore, MD: National Information Standards Organization (NISO), 2014), accessed March 14, 2017, http://www.niso.org/publications/rp/rp-9-2014/.

## Harvest Notes

Harvested from Crossref metadata. Abstract availability depends on publisher deposits.
