# Embracing the Metaverse: A Survey of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality Practices at the United States’ Top One Hundred University Libraries

## Citation Metadata

Title: Embracing the Metaverse: A Survey of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality Practices at the United States’ Top One Hundred University Libraries
Authors: Guo, Yajun; Li, Shuai; Zhang, Xindi; Fu, Yiyang; Yuan, Yiming; Liu, Yanquan
Year: 2024
Journal: College & Research Libraries
Volume: 85
Issue: 7
Pages: not available from source
DOI: not available from source
URL: https://crl.acrl.org/index.php/crl/article/view/25664
Full_Citation: Guo, Yajun; Li, Shuai; Zhang, Xindi; Fu, Yiyang; Yuan, Yiming; Liu, Yanquan (2024). Embracing the Metaverse: A Survey of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality Practices at the United States’ Top One Hundred University Libraries. College & Research Libraries, 85(7).
Source: https://crl.acrl.org/index.php/crl/oai

## Abstract

The purpose of this study is to learn more about virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) practices at the United States’ top one hundred university libraries, as well as how they are engaging with the metaverse. We conducted qualitative and descriptive analysis on the websites of the top one hundred university libraries in the United States to determine the application fields and application proportions of VR and AR technologies and found good practice examples of using VR and AR technologies in this field. The findings show that 86 percent of the top one hundred US university libraries have implemented VR and AR technologies, with practice areas focused on: VR/AR studio and VR/AR makerspace; immersive learning services and virtual exhibitions/conference services; visual geographic information system and VR navigation services; virtual reading services and visual retrieval services; and VR reference services. The study provides university library administrators and professionals with the most up-to-date information and best practices of VR and AR engagement areas and the proportion of use, which can aid in the development of strategies to leverage VR and AR technologies to improve patron service and embrace the metaverse for the communities they serve.

## Harvest Notes

Harvested from OAI-PMH Dublin Core metadata. Full citation assembled from title, authors, date, source, identifier, DOI, and URL fields available in the feed.
