# Text Analysis and Visualization Research on the Hetu Dangse During the Qing Dynasty of China

## Citation Metadata

Title: Text Analysis and Visualization Research on the Hetu Dangse During the Qing Dynasty of China
Authors: Zhiyu Wang; Jingyu Wu; Guang Yu; Zhiping Song
Year: 2021
Journal: Information Technology and Libraries
Volume: 40
Issue: 3
Pages: not available from source
DOI: 10.6017/ital.v40i3.13279
URL: https://doi.org/10.6017/ital.v40i3.13279
Full_Citation: Zhiyu Wang; Jingyu Wu; Guang Yu; Zhiping Song (2021). Text Analysis and Visualization Research on the Hetu Dangse During the Qing Dynasty of China. Information Technology and Libraries, 40(3). https://doi.org/10.6017/ital.v40i3.13279
Source: https://api.crossref.org/journals/2163-5226/works

## Abstract

In traditional historical research, interpreting historical documents subjectively and manually causes problems such as one-sided understanding, selective analysis, and one-way knowledge connection. In this study, we aim to use machine learning to automatically analyze and explore historical documents from a text analysis and visualization perspective. This technology solves the problem of large-scale historical data analysis that is difficult for humans to read and intuitively understand. In this study, we use the historical documents of the Qing Dynasty Hetu Dangse,preserved in the Archives of Liaoning Province, as data analysis samples. China’s Hetu Dangse is the largest Qing Dynasty thematic archive with Manchu and Chinese characters in the world. Through word frequency analysis, correlation analysis, co-word clustering, word2vec model, and SVM (Support Vector Machines) algorithms, we visualize historical documents, reveal the relationships between functions of the government departments in the Shengjing area of the Qing Dynasty, achieve the automatic classification of historical archives, improve the efficient use of historical materials as well as build connections between historical knowledge. Through this, archivists can be guided practically in historical materials’ management and compilation.

## Harvest Notes

Harvested from Crossref metadata. Abstract availability depends on publisher deposits.
