# Do You Believe in Magic? Exploring the Conceptualization of Augmented Reality and its Implications for the User in the Field of Library and Information Science

## Citation Metadata

Title: Do You Believe in Magic? Exploring the Conceptualization of Augmented Reality and its Implications for the User in the Field of Library and Information Science
Authors: Elizabeth Zak
Year: 2014
Journal: Information Technology and Libraries
Volume: 33
Issue: 4
Pages: 23-50
DOI: 10.6017/ital.v33i4.5638
URL: https://doi.org/10.6017/ital.v33i4.5638
Full_Citation: Elizabeth Zak (2014). Do You Believe in Magic? Exploring the Conceptualization of Augmented Reality and its Implications for the User in the Field of Library and Information Science. Information Technology and Libraries, 33(4), 23-50. https://doi.org/10.6017/ital.v33i4.5638
Source: https://api.crossref.org/journals/2163-5226/works

## Abstract

Augmented reality technology has implications for the ways that the field of library and information science (LIS) serves users and organizes information. Through content analysis, the author examined how augmented reality (AR) is conceptualized within a sample of LIS literature from the Library and Information Science and Technology Abstracts (LISTA) database and Google Blogs postings, and whether Radical Change Theory (RCT) and the digital age principles of interactivity, connectivity and access are present in the discussion of this technology. The analysis of data led to the identification of 14 categories comprised of 132 total codes across sources within the data set. The analysis indicates that the conceptualization of AR, while inconsistent, suggests expectations that overall, the technology will enhance the user experience. This can lead to future examinations of user behavior, response and observation of technologies like AR.

## Harvest Notes

Harvested from Crossref metadata. Abstract availability depends on publisher deposits.
